okay the iphone 12 mini of the four
iphones that came out this fall
this is the one that's been most
interesting to me personally because
well because of its size i like the way
they feel in your hand i like how they
fit in your pocket i like small phones
now because of the
timing of this video i think most people
who are watching this
know a lot about the iphone 12 already
so i'm going to focus this video
on two things in regards to the mini
number one the
kind of size like what it means like the
benefits and negatives that come with a
small size phone like this a small size
iphone but secondly i want to focus on
battery life because
that was one of the major concerns i had
about this phone right when you go
small like this you can only shrink
components to a certain amount right
and the battery in here is a lot smaller
physically than the other three phones
from the lineup
um okay i want to draw your attention to
this phone right now this
is the iphone se like the second
generation one this is
this is the iphone i've used the most of
right now it's actually a modified one
if you
recognize if you know your iphone's
iphone se came with the black bezel on
the front but
i swapped it out because i'm a sucker
for stuff like this
but this phone had a battery i want to
use the word
issue but that's not really the word a
battery concern because
i knew that if you use this phone kind
of beyond
light regular use it would suck
batteries really quickly
if i play games on this thing it just
chews through battery life
like crazy if i take this thing for like
a bunch of photos
it chews it up quickly but it's okay
when you're just using it for emails and
just like browsing stuff
now back to this one the iphone 12 mini
this is an even smaller phone than the
iphone se it's
incredibly nice to hold in your hand
it's not as small as like the original
sc but it's still
very compact and very one-handable now
despite being
such a compact phone the screen size is
very respectable like it's a lot
bigger than let's say the current sc
right it's just like so much more real
estate
on the 12 mini and it's an awesome
screen it's an oled panel
high pixel density great brightness
you're going to like this screen
the notch and the bezels on the 12 mini
are actually a little bit smaller
than the other three iphone 12s it's
barely noticeable like you got to look
for it you got to kind of
compare them side by side but if you do
you will notice that
the notch is a little bit smaller and
the bezels are just a little bit thinner
than the rest of the iphone 12 family
but the functionality of face id
and that front-facing camera remain
unchanged across all four phones so
the physical characteristics of the
iphone 12 mini are
how you'd expect right easy to hold easy
to use
and very compact now let's move this
conversation over to
battery life the way that i test battery
life when it comes to iphones is that i
run a website loop it refreshes every
few minutes
and it's just a very consistent but
primitive test
right i compared the 12 mini to several
other iphones and
a few things stood out to me number one
the battery life on the 12 mini
is respectable better than i thought it
would be definitely better than the sc
and it's just a solid battery life not
as good as the
pro max though right there is a clear
winner in that regard but when you do
something like this
a big shrink in phone size you're gonna
have shorter battery life
but the other thing i noticed is that on
the 12 mini it seems to be more affected
by
your type of content that you're viewing
more so than the other three phones like
you saw that test on the dark website
this lasts
quite a bit longer than the white
website and that's a result of the oled
tech right when you have
a dark pixel it's not using nearly as
much energy as a brightly lit
white pixel so battery life on the
iphone 12 mini is
solid but if you're someone who uses
dark mode on your phone and you
view dark websites it'll just go a
little bit further than you would expect
um so yeah that's basically the iphone
12 mini
i do want to leave this conversation
with one last thought
small phones are not common in 2020 and
i think they're actually quite difficult
to do
properly right if you look at the iphone
12 like the regular iphone 12 and
compared to the iphone 12 mini
all the components that are in here are
in here as well and they don't shrink it
coming across right it's not like the
camera module gets smaller it's not like
the ram and the soc and like all the
components inside here they don't get
smaller when you put it into the 12 mini
they stay the same size
and it's a challenge to fit all that
into a much smaller chassis so you have
to shrink the battery and
you have to make some compromises right
so like for example
the wireless charging magsafe charging
is a little bit slower on this one
and the speakers on the mini don't sound
as rich as the 12 even though they're
really close
so it's not a compromise free shrink
right when you go to the smaller phone
you're going to take a hit but the way
that apple's done it is that the hit
is almost imperceptible it feels like
they did a really good job
in the shrink and seemingly no one else
is doing it right even apple couldn't do
this last year this is the first time
they've had a small
phone that was this good i do wish the
pricing was a little bit better i'll be
honest like if i
i feel like this should be the 699 phone
and this should be a 5.99 phone that
would be ideal to me
but yeah apple's pricing is always going
to be that way it seems
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it
i'll see you guys next time